OSDOCS-13405: Added 1.15.1 release note updates for cert-manager Operator (#90143)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-release-notes.adoc

These release notes track the development of {cert-manager-operator}.

> For more information, see xref:../../security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-integrating-istio.adoc#cert-manager-operator-istio-csr-installing_cert-manager-operator-integrating-istio[About the {cert-manager-operator}].

Reviewer: I think you accidentally changed this xref from the index page to the istio page, this needs to be reverted to what it previously was:
```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../../security/cert_manager_operator/index.adoc#cert-manager-operator-about[About the {cert-manager-operator}].
```

Author: I think so too...

For more information, see xref:../../security/cert_manager_operator/index.adoc#cert-manager-operator-about[About the {cert-manager-operator}].

[id="cert-manager-operator-release-notes-1-15-1_{context}"]
== {cert-manager-operator} 1.15.1

Issued: 2025-03-13

> The following advisories are available for the {cert-manager-operator} 1.15.1:

Author: Understood.

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHEA-2025:0487[RHEA-2025:0487]

Version `1.15.1` of the {cert-manager-operator} is based on the upstream cert-manager version `v1.15.5`. For more information, see the link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/releases/release-notes/release-notes-1.15/#v1155[cert-manager project release notes for v1.15.5].

[id="cert-manager-operator-1-15-1-features-enhancements_{context}"]
=== New features and enhancements

*Integrating the {cert-manager-operator} with Istio-CSR* [Technology Preview]

The {cert-manager-operator} now supports the Istio-CSR. With this integration, cert-manager Operator's issuers can issue, sign, and renew certificates for mutual TLS (mTLS) communication. {SMProductName} and `Istio` can now request these certificates directly from the cert-manager Operator.

[id="cert-manager-operator-1-15-1-CVEs_{context}"]
=== CVEs

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-9287[CVE-2024-9287]

Reviewer 2: A few more CVEs to add to this list:

```
CVE-2025-22868 cert-manager-operator-rhel9: Unexpected memory consumption during token parsing in [golang.org/x/oauth2](http://golang.org/x/oauth2) [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-22868 jetstack-cert-manager-rhel9: Unexpected memory consumption during token parsing in [golang.org/x/oauth2](http://golang.org/x/oauth2) [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-22868 jetstack-cert-manager-container: Unexpected memory consumption during token parsing in [golang.org/x/oauth2](http://golang.org/x/oauth2) [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-22869 jetstack-cert-manager-container: Potential denial of service in [golang.org/x/crypto](http://golang.org/x/crypto) [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-27144 cert-manager-operator-rhel9: Go JOSE's Parsing Vulnerable to Denial of Service [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-27144 jetstack-cert-manager-rhel9: Go JOSE's Parsing Vulnerable to Denial of Service [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-22868 jetstack-cert-manager-acmesolver-container: Unexpected memory consumption during token parsing in [golang.org/x/oauth2](http://golang.org/x/oauth2) [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-22868 jetstack-cert-manager-acmesolver-rhel9: Unexpected memory consumption during token parsing in [golang.org/x/oauth2](http://golang.org/x/oauth2) [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-0426 cert-manager/cert-manager-operator-rhel9: node denial of service via kubelet checkpoint API [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-0426 cert-manager/jetstack-cert-manager-rhel9: node denial of service via kubelet checkpoint API [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-0426 cert-manager/jetstack-cert-manager-acmesolver-rhel9: node denial of service via kubelet checkpoint API [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-27144 jetstack-cert-manager-acmesolver-rhel9: Go JOSE's Parsing Vulnerable to Denial of Service [cert-manager-1.15]
CVE-2025-22869 jetstack-cert-manager-acmesolver-container: Denial of Service in the Key Exchange of [golang.org/x/crypto/ssh](http://golang.org/x/crypto/ssh) [cert-manager-1.15]
[CVE-2024-45336](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-7wrw-r4p8-38rx)
[CVE-2024-45341](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-3f6r-qh9c-x6mm)
```

== {cert-manager-operator} 1.15.1

Issued: 2025-03-13

The following advisories are available for the {cert-manager-operator} 1.15.1:

* link:https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/releng/advisories/-/blob/main/data/advisories/cert-manager-oape-tenant/2025/2733/advisory.yaml[RHEA-Advisory-2733]
* link:https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/releng/advisories/-/blob/main/data/advisories/cert-manager-oape-tenant/2025/2780/advisory.yaml[RHEA-Advisory-2780]
* link:https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/releng/advisories/-/blob/main/data/advisories/cert-manager-oape-tenant/2025/2821/advisory.yaml[RHEA-Advisory-2821]
* link:https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/releng/advisories/-/blob/main/data/advisories/cert-manager-oape-tenant/2025/2828/advisory.yaml[RHEA-Advisory-2828]

Version `1.15.1` of the {cert-manager-operator} is based on the upstream cert-manager version `v1.15.5`. For more information, see the link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/releases/release-notes/release-notes-1.15/#v1155[cert-manager project release notes for v1.15.5].

[id="cert-manager-operator-1-15-1-features-enhancements_{context}"]
=== New features and enhancements

*Integrating the {cert-manager-operator} with Istio-CSR* (Technology Preview)

> The {cert-manager-operator} now supports the Istio-CSR. With this integration, cert-manager Operator's issuers can issue, sign, and renew certificates for mutual TLS (mTLS) communication. {SMProductName} and `Istio` can now request these certificates directly from the cert-manager Operator.

Reviewer 3: Add:
```
... For more information, see [Integrating the cert-manager Operator with Istio-CSR](link to that newly addded page).
```
